Interviews video we came to realize Zeeshan that we don't even need a waterfall at all.
Each of the function is independent of one another.
We only use a single waterfall if the next function is dependent on the previous functions variable.
So instead of using waterfall we are using parallel because we want to run all the mongoose operations
at the same time.
So let's change the code
to change just two parallel and then correct.
And then we want to remove 2 to 1 to move this because it's independent.
So we went through this and it was just two and we're going to cut this step.
We're going to call back and damn we'll do it again.
Here is the final function do you create all this
or close to zero.
Why.
Because the index is Airey it is considered as zero technically 0 1 2.
So index 0 in X-1 index too.
So he has to forward this in zero.
And we have to put all products equal and the result is zero.
So I guess for this one it will be more result.
So the bar product includes the results.
One last the bar category will be resolved too.
And then we push this here
category.
All right.
So let's go ahead and test it out again with if we have any problem and it shows a good post-wedding
and check it here.
Nothing at the center again.
And there you have it.
This is way better than before because right now each function is not dependent on the previous function.
Now Iran separately and then we'll just you know in the final function it would just give the results
in 0 1 and 2 index.
In this video we change from a single waterfall to a scene.
Parallel it in next video we will learn how to create a single product API.
So I'll see you guys in the next VDU.